So far we have tested our BO
for a positive scenario and a negative
scenario we'll be testing the place
order for an exception scenario in this
lecture that is in the BOimpl if the
DAO.create method throws a
sequel exception we or our place orders
should wrap it up inside BOexception
and throw a BOexception back that
is the behavior which we are going to
test it for will be using the power of
junit as well as mockito.
Go back to the test
copy one of the test methods paste it, let me
enter some lines so that you can easily
see it and instead of place order should
not create an order we simply place order
should throw BOexception
it should throw a BOexception that is
what we are testing it for and in
here will be using instead of then return
when DAO.create order we are
going to stub it for then control space
using then through in here we can
specify what exception should be thrown
so remove everything else then throw
sequel control space sequelexception.class
can ignore the warning we are
stubbing it out so that our DAOcreate
method will throw a sequel exception
we are not going to assert or verify
for anything in this case you can remove
those two lines because an exception is
being thrown and here on the test
annotation will use the expected attribute
which you have learned from the
junit section and the exception we are
expecting is BOexception.class
that simple, we have stubbed out that
DAO to throw a sequel exception and we are
using the expected attribute on the test
annotation to ensure that we are getting
a BO exception back when we call the
BO.placeorder run it we are going to
the play button here run as
junit test everything is green.
That simple to test a exception
scenario we can use the Then throw method
available in the mockito API instead
of thenreturen and we can tell whatever
exception should be thrown.